readme.md, before:

# CHECKER TO DO:
## push_swap
	-Loading the given integers to a list
	-Creating an array with already sorted list by using quicksort
	
# DONE
## Input validator
	-Error if bigger than integer - Atoll compare to max_int [DONE]
	-Argument not integer -issign and isdigit after  [DONE]
	-Duplicate values -comparison to existing list (or array for speed)  [DONE]
	-Given instruction doesnt exist -strncmp doesnt match with the instruct
	-Does the checker need usage msg with argc < 2? 
## Function to handle the stacks
	-Create node [DONE]
	-Swap two nodes [DONE] 
	-Add the given node as a head to given head [DONE, UNTESTED]
	-Add the given node to the tail [DONE, UNTESTED]
	-Function to add stack tail to other stack head	
		-Remove tail and update previous links and pointer in struct

## Functions to handle the swap arguments  
	-sa swap top 2 elements of stack A  [DONE]
	-sb swap top 2 elemnts of stack B  [DONE]
	-ss sa and sb same time  [DONE, CHECK MISC]
	-pa Top element from B to A  [DONE]
	-pb Top element from A to B  [DONE]
	-ra Rotate A, shifts all elements up by one. first becomes last [DONE]
	-rb Rotate B, shifts all elements up by one, first becomes last [DONE]
	-rr ra and rb same time [DONE]
	-rra reverse rotate a, all elements down by one.  [DONE]
	-rrb reverse rotate b  [DONE]
	-rrr rra and rrb the same time 
## Functions to libft  
	atol / atoll  [DONE]
## Functions to this project:
	initializer to utils
	create node [DONE]
	swap two nodes values [DONE]
	wincondition checker
	nodecounter to verify stack counts / node traverser ?
	stdin with gnl
	dispatcher for instruction functions [DONE]
	comparator for given instructions 
## MISC
	Find out about ss stack number count < 2 behaviour
		save input to int array [DONE]
		remalloc dynamically if needed and memcpy [DONE]
## push_swap
	-Arrange checker functions to files [DONE]
	-Quicksort for having an array that's already sorted [DONE]
	-Function to check if the input is already sorted
	-Instruction saver
	-Struct for solver/push_swap that has t_chunk array
	-Chunk functions
		-Chunk amount [DONE]
		-Malloc for chunks [DONE]
		-Chunk reader / analyzer. [DONE]
	-"Slot finder for stack B", aka the integer that needs to be at top of stack B for the push of target from A and the cost of moving stack B to that.
		-Cost to get target to the right slot
		-"Ride hitcher" for dual instructions.
	-"Enviroment copier" for counting the total cost for the chunk to move from A to B
	-Enviroment deleter
	-Exemptions ? If some integer of a chunk is too "expensive" it will be left behind in stack A and handled specifically when pushing from B to A.
	-Interpreter to check which chunk to work first by cost

Commit message:

Fixing bug in environment copyer and adding list debuggers

readme.md, after:

# CHECKER TO DO:
	
## Input validator
	-Error if bigger than integer - Atoll compare to max_int [DONE]
	-Argument not integer -issign and isdigit after  [DONE]
	-Duplicate values -comparison to existing list (or array for speed)  [DONE]
	-Given instruction doesnt exist -strncmp doesnt match with the instruct
	-Does the checker need usage msg with argc < 2? 
## Functions to handle the stacks
	-Create node [DONE]
	-Swap two nodes [DONE] 
	-Add the given node as a head to given head [DONE]
	-Add the given node to the tail [DONE]

## Functions to handle the swap arguments  
	-sa swap top 2 elements of stack A  [DONE]
	-sb swap top 2 elemnts of stack B  [DONE]
	-ss sa and sb same time  [DONE, CHECK MISC]
	-pa Top element from B to A  [DONE]
	-pb Top element from A to B  [DONE]
	-ra Rotate A, shifts all elements up by one. first becomes last [DONE]
	-rb Rotate B, shifts all elements up by one, first becomes last [DONE]
	-rr ra and rb same time [DONE]
	-rra reverse rotate a, all elements down by one.  [DONE]
	-rrb reverse rotate b  [DONE]
	-rrr rra and rrb the same time [DONE]
## Functions to libft  
	atol / atoll  [DONE]
## Functions to this project:
	initializer to utils [DONE]
	create node [DONE]
	swap two nodes values [DONE]
	wincondition checker [DONE]
	nodecounter to verify stack counts / node traverser ?
	stdin with gnl [DONE]
	dispatcher for instruction functions [DONE]
	comparator for given instructions 
## MISC
	Find out about ss stack number count < 2 behaviour
		save input to int array [DONE]
		remalloc dynamically if needed and memcpy [DONE]
## push_swap
	-Arrange checker functions to files [DONE]
	-Quicksort for having an array that's already sorted [DONE]
	-Function to check if the input is already sorted
	-Instruction saver
	-Struct for solver/push_swap that has t_chunk array [DONE]
	-Chunk functions
		-Chunk amount [DONE]
		-Malloc for chunks [DONE]
		-Chunk reader / analyzer. [DONE]
		-Chunk cost counter to move to top of stack A [DONE]
		-Function to return the index of the cheapest chunk
	-"Slot finder for stack B", aka the integer that needs to be at top of stack B for the push of target from A and the cost of moving stack B to that. [DONE]
		-Cost to get target to the right slot [DONE]
		-"Ride hitcher" for dual instructions.
	-"Enviroment copier" for counting the total cost for the chunk to move from A to B [DONE]
	-Environment deleter/free
	-Exemptions ? If some integer of a chunk is too "expensive" it will be left behind in stack A and handled specifically when pushing from B to A.
	-Interpreter to check which chunk to work first by cost
	-Loading the given integers to a list [DONE]
	-Creating an array with already sorted list by using quicksort [DONE]
